Praise the lads with you Kate and today we with
play some choirs again
which is created on the unity or anri room
Ali I do not know actually on a pebble he
created and the fact is that choosing expensive
Subscribers started writing me this
asshole stopped wiping from horror
unsubscribe from him to fuck
and I would be so upset to find
horror which I obosrus infa weaving
and I found what the game called there wanted
Well, the name is not written the main
the game has no sound but at the same time
if you test audio as written in
the settings then everything works and I do not know
why there is no sound main menu
I was scared at first it they
pretty opportunity to play
some music but i'm if that
lucky i can't hear well let's
start the game eater
saturday and between the time's up
shorter between two straight and honest night
they hitt strange sounds are heard in
the hotel
It is written that this is a bitch shot we are with
you are wonderful to them something for the sounds were and
on it really sounds
shots really sounds shots yes yes
sounds of shots instead
stay on sleep and our main
hero is precisely the keyword hero
began and began to read the guide notes from where
they took him on the table at all nickname
soul
the main stomp on take anything else
can not on how you find for example
could there be armed elephant right there
such a lot of numbers is not welcome
Hotel rooms bunch apparently
my biggest would be big not in one
Apparently no other people can enter
turned out to be smarter than the main character and decided
don't go out and check what it was
for the bitch the sounds of shots for nothing
there is no fear for feelings if wrapped
for this corner the reader will appear and no i don't
guessed there flashing light means there will be
cryer remember my words will be there
sreamer or something else yes i'm there something
see even
and that here the hotel ended up a
let us out this hotel is not going to
I do not have any stairs on here and gone
Root Shih Tzu Will You End
the middle there to rot in this hotel is great
september 17 hard drive circuit
suppress in the attic do i am in
Headphones sat if you like to sit
and play this game then hi deaf nick
fucking about someone's room opened well
just the same number that i have
thank you bro that for rubbish with me
the door is not written to empty
empty piece of paper before and pick up a friend
toilet on paper will end ass will
what to lose on here locked the record and
what are we going to do closet open a
that's what I found the way to Narnia
zashib know, I imagined normi
a little bit different i didn't think that here
there will be some kind of citadel you this too
I saw it with the firs fly with me
guys yes swell he carries water went either
it was some sort of winx-like
said light either it's some bitch i
I do not know in general she was winged
scary that's what i tell you
and all its dark winged scary
flew so you can go further
maybe it was we move but he
found only on the road where
accidents occur
again crying baby are you kidding me not
of course I understand everything guys but crying
the child is such a cliche and perdel so
the poles would say but in the bathroom years
something interesting is clearly 05 here it is
such are the recent sounds they are scared not
something with a fairy and somehow a labyrinth where
go let's go here apparently i went to sounds
shots yes anyway no fucking I'm
using this wall comes stones
aggressively refers lol lol calm
the wall shrinks open door here
seem to even open faster bro
fucking nearly dead pete's about
something plays cute so cool here
this area has not just been and
there was no note here I myself appeared
september files and finally shinoda
that they wanted me to go with him to there and
I will go
fuck came across here what do i do
exit think yes just dark nothing
there is no interesting as it turned out
have to go out did not show that here
some kind of rag lying still have
go for a walk that we have nothing here
changed no changed here walls
cute sweetie moved back and forth
met each other again to this
bullshit again the little fairy flies to me yes
fine fine so far when you sleep gloomily
gloomy and
I wonder what is interesting to 100 what
scare if I am suddenly taking commits
it will be nice because they scare me
so m fireplace fucking thank you bro
let's meet you
manti where and I run on accounting looking
this time I am already scared come on
faster faster faster
short boys water has just been
really dumb this here yes this here
it didn't do well of course I could
look around there to really see it
flying garbage I thought I liked him
It was with the fact that it is fairies but no it
really peppa huane revenge well come on than
elevator not working i gas with broken
elevator something they here here is something
moves yes okay so can lol
won finally earned us slipped
broken lift
interestingly they fall agar floor 666
apparently we hit Aquarius with you
well what's interesting is how is the water here
pour go in was scary it was
really scary we are your charlie and x0 and x0
Go the fuck to me I bid up
scared this game to attend and duty 2015
year cute rat cute and created game
Mama
and